Roblox Studio bad DNS workaround (#111)
vinegarhq/vinegarhq.github.io: src/Troubleshooting/index.md

If all steps were followed correctly, studio should automatically log into your account.

> In the case that you are still unable to log in, a possible fix is to change your DNS to a viable alternative such as 1.1.1.1 or 8.8.8.8

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're still unable to log in, try changing your DNS to a viable alternative such as `1.1.1.1` or `8.8.8.8`. Studio authentication is known to be broken with certain DNS providers. 
```
I think this fits the text style of the documentation better. Also explains the "why".
